Class president, are you alright?
Hey, monitor
No, this knife is poisonous
Liang Youwei didn't answer my call
No, he must have encountered some danger
Can't make it
Or kneel on the ground and learn three barks
Then crawl under the crotch of this young master
Haha, so I can spare your life.
Or I'll break your dog legs
Look who dares to touch me
7 Days
Do you have to make a mess until it can't end before you give up?
I won't give up
Otherwise, at the opening ceremony today
President Liang will personally announce
I became a member of the maritime business community
You know how important this is to me
You also deliberately hurt me, and you will make a big scene at the venue.
Isn't it just to cause me trouble?
Why a small Haicheng Chamber of Commerce member
Will make you like this
You little foundation
Do you know what a member of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce is?
If I want to
I can even give you the position of president
It's a pity what you did
Not worthy at all
Who says Mr. Tian is not worthy to join the Chamber of Commerce?
I, Jiang Yonghui, am the first to disagree.